Script started on Fri Oct 25 22:51:13 2013
uhx01:/home01/26/mwinter/ICS313/mwinter5% /opt/acl60/alisp
International Allegro CL Enterprise Edition
6.0 [Solaris] (Sep 8, 2004 10:49)
Copyright (C) 1985-2000, Franz Inc., Berkeley, CA, USA.  All Rights Reserved.

This copy of Allegro CL is licensed to:
   David Chin, University of Hawaii

;; Optimization settings: safety 1, space 1, speed 1, debug 2.
;; For a complete description of all compiler switches given the
;; current optimization settings evaluate (EXPLAIN-COMPILER-SETTINGS).
CL-USER(1): (load "mwinter5a.ls isp"_^?)    )
; Loading /home01/26/mwinter/ICS313/mwinter5/mwinter5a.lisp
T
CL-USER(2): (game-repl)
look
You are in the living-room. A wizard is snoring loudly on the couch.
 there is a door going west from here. There is a ladder going upstairs
 from here. You see a whiskey on the floor. You see a bucket on the
 floor. You see a left-gauntlet on the floor.pickup bucket

You are now carrying the bucketpickup left-gauntlet

You are now carrying the left-gauntletwalk upstairs

You are in the attic. There is a giant welding torch in the corner.
 there is a ladder going downstairs from here. You see a right-gauntlet
 on the floor.pickup right-gauntlet

You are now carrying the right-gauntletwalk downstairs

You are in the living-room. A wizard is snoring loudly on the couch.
 there is a door going west from here. There is a ladder going upstairs
 from here. You see a whiskey on the floor.walk west

You are in a beautiful garden. There is a well in front of you. There
 is a door going east from here. There is a door going south from here.
 you see a frog on the floor. You see a chain on the floor. You see a
 chain-mail on the floor. You see a full-suit-of-armour on the floor.pickup chain

You are now carrying the chainwalk east

You are in the living-room. A wizard is snoring loudly on the couch.
 there is a door going west from here. There is a ladder going upstairs
 from here. You see a whiskey on the floor.walk upstairs

You are in the attic. There is a giant welding torch in the corner.
 there is a ladder going downstairs from here.weld chain bucket

The chain is now securely welded to the bucket.walk downstairs

You are in the living-room. A wizard is snoring loudly on the couch.
 there is a door going west from here. There is a ladder going upstairs
 from here. You see a whiskey on the floor.walk west

You are in a beautiful garden. There is a well in front of you. There
 is a door going east from here. There is a door going south from here.
 you see a frog on the floor. You see a chain-mail on the floor. You
 see a full-suit-of-armour on the floor.dunk bucket well

The bucket is now full of waterwalk weset

You cannot go that way.walk west

You cannot go that way.walk east

You are in the living-room. A wizard is snoring loudly on the couch.
 there is a door going west from here. There is a ladder going upstairs
 from here. You see a whiskey on the floor.splash bucket wis          wizard bucket

I cant splash like that.w splash bucket wizard

The wizard awakens from his slumber and greets you warmly. He hands
     you the magic low-carb donut- you win! The end.quit

NIL
CL-USER(3): (exit)
; Exiting Lisp
uhx01:/home01/26/mwinter/ICS313/mwinter5% exit
uhx01:/home01/26/mwinter/ICS313/mwinter5% 
script done on Fri Oct 25 22:54:35 2013
